Add github action based check enforcer (#3287)
Azure/azure-sdk-tools: tools/check-enforcer-action/README.md

# Check Enforcer

## Why did we create Check Enforcer?

The Azure SDK team maintains reusable libraries that developers use to access Azure services. These libraries are grouped by together into a repository for each language/runtime. For example there is a repository for [Java](https://github.com/azure/azure-sdk-for-java), [.NET](https://github.com/azure/azure-sdk-for-net), [Python](https://github.com/azure/azure-sdk-for-python) and [JavaScript](https://github.com/azure/azure-sdk-for-javascript) - just to name a few.

> Each repository contains a large number of seperate libraries. Even though together these libraries constitute a single SDK, they ship seperately on their own individual cadence as the underlying service evolves. As a result we have seperate build and release pipelines for say the KeyVault and the Event Hubs libraries in each repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each repository contains a large number of separate libraries. Even though together these libraries constitute a single SDK, they ship separately on their own individual cadence as the underlying service evolves. As a result we have separate build and release pipelines for say the KeyVault and the Event Hubs libraries in each repository.
```

Reviewer: semantic satiation ftw

Author: I blame Mitch for these 😁
